hello chicken, how are you?
welcome to see in drawing
Continuous Marcelo a novelty that
people now have in the
Marcelo team I'll teach some
very cool drawings now lends
attention
today's drawing we will learn to
to draw another
the button that is Dolphin cousin
button-gray the tone pink other black
Look at the vote here. Look at his face.
this drawing that we are going to do today
It seems difficult, it 's not very easy. Let's go.
learn
let's use this first white block
let's make a curve for this curve
let's set up the pilot's body here
and then we continue to
our curve down here
here we are going to make a tail of another
dolphin if you want to call it so
we have the fins on the engine are
two how to make the beak now the mouth of the
Boto o Boto is an animal that is in
extinction here in rio de janeiro
totally exist is not from guanabara
about 42 attentive is 1 2 thousand and now
only 42% is important to disclose and
learn to draw this animal that is
so beautiful
Look at another fin here and now let's go
make the eye of the taste a circle
on the ball and then another ball inside
this order now is just coloring
coloring with a minimum price
that very well
the most important is the hole through which a
another that breathes over the head
The only legal prosecution is to make the
tongue forget the tongue from black to
part of the mouth and ready
Look at the face of our friend Boto here.
still in the water so let's go
here are more ripples to show
that he's in the bubble
There we go, our friend, Boto.
do not forget to sign sign your
work of art or sign here with my
name
you put your self signed uncle marcelo
also the work of art here I am stayed
cool I think she has stayed
as good as this
or better then until the next champions